he announces me Mel welcome back to my
channel today I'm here with just an
affordable weather
yes and a quarter boiler as I was
browsing through my local beauty supply
store I had came across some to sellers
made by NECA k New York there are any
States and sellers and they look like
this
just like
the reason why I'm here to talk about
these make a cake concealers is because
to me they're very very very very very
similar to the LA girl Pro concealer and
I'm guaranteed and you can size this in
your local beauty supply store I know
strength advisors and by the way these
in my local beauty supply store because
my local beauty supply store does and
them they're about three dollars
I paid 129 for this or whatever but I'm
not here to bash I'm a girl Pro
concealer because yes I feel like other
girl broken service or whatever but um I
wanted to talk about these we could
carry HD concealer is because to me
they're perfect
I love having like they blend very easy
they're real smooth the only thing is
with these I'm only singing 12 colors
which it does range from very light fare
to like very you know dark for my bro
chocolate girls chocolate like me of
course or whatever and these they had
about eighteen shades of the other girl
Pro concealer but I just want to show
you guys some swatches so I'll start by
watching that uh la girl pro is fun my
thing is these nicka K New York
consumers are very smoothly to me that's
my opinion but I'm gonna start by
watching fall
because like I know a lot of people's
day Freddy's and raising regular bring
the ribbon rave about these but some
people here sell hardest time finding
needs and hair local beauty supply
stores and if you're a person like me
when they come see it foundation and
concealer you just don't really wanna
buy it of mine because it's different
undertones and velocity blase so if you
can't find these you should be able to
find anything now I'm gonna start
watching the naked cakes for you this
one is saying follow they are so freakin
smooth I mean to me there's basically an
exact in my opinion I just feel like
these are a little business because even
with the packaging they come with the
same like type of applicator cute brush
is the ugly girl world this one is in
the color cool yeah
so this is fun by other girl Pro this is
follow this is cool you got five week
okay this one is in the color buy-in and
I think this was like one of my favorite
ones because I sometimes work with you
and the last one that I picked up was
Sofia which as I stated before their age
twelve different shapes of these and I
had just picked up for these ones
because I wanted to try them out but I'm
in love with these things so much that
after I finished this video I'm gonna
run back to my local beauty supply store
and buy them all so I don't even know
why I'm doing this video yet I should
just come back and show you guys the
other eight swatches which I probably
would do if I do I'll make it an add one
to this video but if I don't I'll just
do a swatch and I just watch all twelve
of beads and I won't compare them to the
LA girl Pro but they are very very very
very very very like it's a dupe it's
like a hit on dude in my opinion the
only difference is the size so I think
you get it
your movie is not telling me to solve
this battle but you can see the
differences
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video I
only don't do videos like that I barely
do face-to-face videos I'm always she's
doing like hormones but if you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget that
thumbs it up if you didn't you get thumb
today I'm eating or maybe the meeting
like no don't tell me a video deal but
if you really like this video and you
want more face to face with yours done
by me just let me know just leave
everything down in the comments below
later dollars